*Reflection*

The defining and understanding portion of the project is much like a Magic The Gathering tournament in the Sistine Chapel… actually I have no idea where that was going.
Oh wait, I have one! The defining and understanding portion of the project is much like an Excel Spreadsheet themed birthday party; lots of meaningless waffle exchanged to the tune of a number of incomprehensible charts.
Or is it like an OHS report in Guantanamo Bay? A tortuously meticulous evaluation that may result in years of psychiatric assessment. I get bonus marks for that, right?

I joke. I actually found some parts of this assessment ‘fun’, namely the website portion, being my strong suit. I built the website from scratch and learned a few neat CSS tricks from doing it. This is undoubtably further my ability to do web-dev in the future, such as building custom WordPress themes for clients. Which can actually be monetised by online Joomla and WordPress theme shops - so, I might do that in my free time.
The cover sheet took a long time for me to decide on a final design, as it is really a satire and clever statement about society. I would like to take the time to thank Matan for his input and helpful suggestions thought this portion of the assessment.
I found that completing the documentation for this assessment was rather easy this time around since I didn't have to think about implementation yet. 
The identification of the problem was quite logical and made a lot of sense to me, being something aligned with what I think about primarily about, the pitch. I also realised that I should be differentiating my product from other point and click titles, and therefore I came up with the idea to focus on an intuitive inventory and selection system in-game. 
For quality assurance, I decided to focus on four principles and addressed them and how I would o about working on them. This document was flagged by Drake for being brief, and therefore I gave further descriptions of each principle in order to meet requirements. 
User feedback was also a concern of Drake’s as I had only interviewed seven individuals. I found it would be hard to do anything but a personal survey, as almost every participant (all who were gamers) didn't know what point and click adventure games were as compared to an RPG adventure game like Skyrim. I found that dealing with users was very frustrating under these circumstances. This may be because the style of game I intend to make has slowly gone out of fashion throughout the years, although seeing a resurgence in the last few years with Leisure Suit Larry, Broken Age and The Journey Down. For the rest of the project, I will need to communicate more with my user base on things like interface. 
The Gantt chart was actually a nice change of pace as I get many happiness from creating aesthetically pleasing things, one of those things being the Gantt. I included everything from defining and understanding, as well as my speculation for planning and design, implementation and testing and evaluation.
The data dictionary’s creation was a bit ‘wonked’, as I haven't gotten into serious designing, and therefore I’m still not 100% about how the game is going to work, only a rough idea. This too was flagged by Drake, to which I admit, I don’t have a clear idea of how it is going to work.
The storyboards were also nice, in that I was able to put my concept design skills to use, much like the way I do by concept sketches for previous work. These sketches will need to be updated to be more accurate in the next part of the assessment.
I don't know why, but I just get how flowcharts work. Flowcharts get me. Flowcharts are by best friend. Flowcharts don’t judge. Flowcharts make sense. Flowcharts don't stab you in the back. Flowcharts is I and I is him. I derived much pleasure from hanging with flowcharts again.
I had many issues with my structure chart, as I want too sure how to format my program, as some of the parts are cyclical by nature. After getting some advice from Drake, I decided to create a ‘run game’ sub-section to show the cyclical parts. 
The logbook was originally a document, but later on, I decided that the best course of action would be to put it on a WordPress, which would coerce me into updating it more frequently, which has been an issue in the past.
I believe that is all for now. Stay in school, kids!  